fix(*): "We"/"our"/etc. to "you"/"your"/etc. (#661)
discordjs/guide: guide/voice/the-basics.md

});
```

If you try to join a channel the bot is already in, nothing will happen, so you don't need to run this method repeatedly.

::: tip

> In the above example, a `VoiceState` is accessed through `member.voice`. A voice state exists for members connected to a voice channel and tells you which channel they're connected to, if the member is speaking, and whether they're deafened or muted. Consult the documentation for a full description of what voice states can do!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, a `VoiceState` is accessed through `member.voice`. Voice states include information about the channel the member is connected to (if any), if the member is speaking and whether they're deafened or muted. Consult  <docs-link path="class/VoiceState">the documentation</docs-link> for a full description of what voice states can do!
```
- factually incorrect; voice states exist even if the member is not connected
- add docs link

```

::: tip

> You may be wondering why the source `type` is specified in this example when it wasn't in the FFmpeg one. discord.js will default to the `'unknown'` (i.e., "use FFmpeg") type when no type is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may be wondering why the source `type` is specified in this example if it wasn't in the FFmpeg one. discord.js will default to the `'unknown'` (i.e., "use FFmpeg") type when no type is provided.
```
